Clarification to the documentation on converting payable to non payable functions. (#13613)
ethereum/solidity: docs/types/value-types.rst

also accepts a payment of zero Ether, so it also is ``non-payable``.
On the other hand, a ``non-payable`` function will reject Ether sent to it,
so ``non-payable`` functions cannot be converted to ``payable`` functions.

> To clarify, not rejecting ether is less restrictive than rejecting ether.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To clarify, rejecting ether is more restrictive than not rejecting ether.
```
I feel that this is more straightforward.

This means you can override a payable function with a non-payable but not the

> other way around

Reviewer: ```suggestion
other way around.
```

Additionally, when you define a ``non-payable`` function pointer, 

> the compiler does not enforce that the function will actually reject ether. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the compiler does not enforce that the pointed function will actually reject ether. 
```

Instead, it enforces that the function pointer is never used to send ether. 
Which makes it possible to assign a ``payable`` function pointer to a ``non-payable``

> pointer due to not being able to send ether ensuring both types behave the same way.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
function pointer ensuring both types behave the same way, i.e, both cannot be used 
to send ether.
```

also accepts a payment of zero Ether, so it also is ``non-payable``.
On the other hand, a ``non-payable`` function will reject Ether sent to it,
so ``non-payable`` functions cannot be converted to ``payable`` functions.

> To clarify not rejecting ether is less restrictive than rejecting ether
> therefore you can override a payable function with non-payable but not the
> other way around
> 
> Additionally When you define a ``non-payable`` function pointer, the compiler
> does not enforce that the function will actually reject ether. Instead it
> enforces that the function pointer is never used to send ether. Therefore
> it is possible to assign a ``payable`` function pointer to a ``non-payable``
> pointer due to the fact that you can't send ether ensuring both types behave
> the same way.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To clarify, not rejecting ether is less restrictive than rejecting ether.
This means you can override a payable function with a non-payable but not the
other way around

Additionally, when you define a ``non-payable`` function pointer, 
the compiler does not enforce that the function will actually reject ether. 
Instead, it enforces that the function pointer is never used to send ether. 
Which makes it possible to assign a ``payable`` function pointer to a ``non-payable``
pointer due to not being able to send ether ensuring both types behave the same way.
```

Reviewer 3: :+1:
